app/vmui: rename query time to "Hits query" (#1325)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [querying API](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/): allow using [`limit`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#limit-pipe) and [`offset`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#offset-pipe) pipes after the [`stats` pipe](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#stats-pipe) in queries to [`/select/logsql/stats_query`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-stats). This enables the usage for these pipes in [alerting and recording rules for VictoriaLogs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vmalert/). See [#1296](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1296).
* FEATURE: [alerts](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/blob/master/deployment/docker/rules): add new alerting rules `PersistentQueueRunsOutOfSpaceIn12Hours` and `PersistentQueueRunsOutOfSpaceIn4Hours` for `vlagent` persistent queue capacity. These alerts help users to take proactive actions before `vlagent` starts dropping logs due to insufficient persistent queue space. See [#10193](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10193)

> * FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): update hits query time display by renaming it to “Hits query” and repositioning it on the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): rename field `Query time` to `Hits query` on the Hits chart panel. The change makes it clear duration of which query is displayed.
```
